hi folks this is he nice to see you
again today with my version of the child
mine lick bite / well why another lesson
about this you find lot of them but what
I found out is that well for me it's
easy to have a special kind of thing
ring so here what do i do I start on the
twelfth fret this is the standard tunic
version to a thread on the D string and
then i use my pinky for the 15th fret on
the B string so it's your chain and what
I do throughout the whole thing is that
i use my middle finger and my ring
finger for the 14th bar well when i try
to play this for the first time last
year then i had some problems with my
finger ring and everything got mixed up
so i decided to find out a way to play
this in which it makes it over or in
which it everything is easier look here
once again ring the first finger on the
twelfth fret on the D string pinkie on
the 15th fret now I check my middle
finger for the 14th fret then my first
finger for the 12th fret
then my pinky on the 15 threat middle
finger for the 14th fret on the g string
and the ring finger on the fourteenth
fret of this any string back to the
middle finger on the fifteenth
fourteenth fret on the g string slowly
again this is the main riff I played
Donna Donna
for me this is the easiest way to play
yeah and if you have another fingering
okay if you're sure about how to do it
and this is different from the way /
plays it well if i go on i use same
fingering when i play the second part of
it when i go to the fourteenth fret on
the D string with my middle finger the
rest is the same I'm always used my
middle finger my ring finger on a
fourteenth fret
I start the third part on the twelfth
fret of the g stream of my first finger
every one of the area so this is my way
to play maybe it will be a help for some
people enjoy